funny wake up time to wake up son wake
up now or else where's good I don't know
I just never guess i'm cooking salad to
eat salad in the warning exactly what I
said
Oh
well we're go to school you can get a
good education here I don't well it's
still no salmon and stuff go well let's
begin yeah I just old school bus come on
here we got all day yeah can I high
school today sure record you go ahead
with our school was alright
you late for school no you buy here yep
who is that over here you see across the
canyon no but I use my toe stuck see
behind me well first I to do this cool
I'm gonna tell me stronger oh so much
power gimme the light it's absorbing me
wait what is that the school that was me
the school bus gonna guess I'm sorry
loud like a bunny Oh
oh it's got the school finally safe at
school you will see part two of this
subscribe to me and comment and see if
you want to see part two thanks for
watching bye